Why I Need Wine on Black Friday/n2013-11-25 15:34:35/nThe holiday season begins in earnest with Thanksgiving. Whether you spend turkey-day with one intimate group or have multiple family soirees to negotiate, we all know that turkey Thursday is followed by the shopping showdown known as Black Friday. While Thanksgiving can be either relaxing or stressful (usually depending on who\'s doing the cooking!), the gatherings on Black Friday are never relaxing. The orgy of consumerism makes me glad that I have an early gift from Bacchus awaiting my return from the shopping frenzy. *Turkey Time* The only two decisions that I want to make regarding my wine selection for post-shopping decompression are how strong and what will I eat with it. Inevitably the turkey leftovers are weighing down the refrigerator shelves so much that I fear that if I don\'t eat them fast enough the shelves will shatter all over my other Thanksgiving leftovers! So if turkey sandwiches are on the dinner menu, a good Chardonnay might hit the spot. Since I tend to favor reds, I might go with a Pinot Noir, relatively light in tannins and just the right fruity flavor. If I get a break from the Black Friday madness at lunch, I might go even lighter and pair that sandwich with a good Riesling. But just a glass or two, mind you, as I don\'t want to get too sluggish and miss those sales. *Unwind Time* If I really want to enjoy my wine though, lunch is not the time. If it has been a tough battle fighting the vicious crowds, I might be tempted to quit for the day before I have even started to make a dent in my holiday shopping list. So, waiting to reward myself at the end of the day works best. If I have some good dark chocolate and a mouth-watering bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon or Zinfandel waiting at home for me, it tends to give me that added incentive that I need to get through the day. Plus, the stronger kick of these two varieties really helps take the edge off at the end of a long day fighting discount-crazed crowds. As long as the Cab doesn\'t have too much oak flavor to it, it goes great with the chocolate. Alternatively, a strong but reasonably priced Argentinian Malbec really helps me to unwind too. But if it\'s been a particularly rough day, a good bottle of port goes with just about anything after a couple of glasses!

<div></div><div center="" style="\"text-align:"><span style="\"text-decoration:" underline="">